
## Overview ##

The Development Data group in the World Bank is using this project to collect and organize
a bunch of data relevant to the coronavirus pandemic, and a set of pages and tools to make
them broadly available. This is a highly fluid project, and goals, information and requirements
are changing every day.


## Suggestions ##

If you have suggestions for this page, especially useful datasets, please either:

1. Fork this project, add them to `raw_material.md` and submit a pull request:
2. Add them to [this google doc][gdoc] (Bank staff may request access permission)

[gdoc]: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TOmQih8hInbX9PboiNInQiHM1f2-GxzLj1n-DffofV8/edit#heading=h.7b47sfc7ctsl

## COVID-19 static data page ##

This repository includes a static page of COVID-19 data resources composed using Github pages
It is designed so that commits on the master branch will build the page, and the HTML can just
be downloaded or copy/pasted to another site, provided the supporting files (CSS, javascript,
graphics) are all in place. All supporting local files are in the `assets/` subdirectory.

Note that all page content is organized in the `_includes` directory. The ordinary `.md` files
contain no content except for front matter since this is a one-page site (which generates dev, 
internal and public pages simultaneously).

The page is broken into several component parts, roughly in this order from top to bottom:

* \_includes/intro.md: introductory paragraph along with the iframe or embeds for the
  dashboard/visualization
* \_includes/indicators.html: the indicators table - this is generated by running:

  `python python/cvyaml.py covid-indicators.yaml > _includes/indicators.html`

* body.md: more content

* \_includes/box-feature-[data|info|viz].md: content for the boxes towards the bottom

In addition, a "more information" box can be displayed at the bottom of the page by defining
a "moreinfo" object in the front matter of index.md and defining two arrays for left-side
and right-side links. index.md includes a template for doing this which is currently
disabled. This has not really been tested much and the CSS will likely need some tweaking.

